- Provides designs of Earth Equipment for use in extreme environments.
-
- Space Kettle has designs for all of your potential space appliance needs, be it microgravity kettles or radiation-proof ovens. Due to Space Kettle’s partnership with ElectroProtect, all appliances come built in with sufficient radiation shielding for standard operations within the solar system, although they are still unable to survive major solar flares and coronal mass ejections. Due to this longstanding partnership, standard Space Kettle appliances have managed to reduce costs to a level comparable with high-end appliances available on earth (use Miele appliances as a benchmark where available). However, for more niche applications, Space Kettle will also offer additional customisation packages for their appliances to deal with other challenges they may face in space.
- Firstly, for operations in environments with an atmospheric oxygen percentage exceeding 30%, appliances will require additional features to make them fire-safe, which comes at an additional 50% cost to the customer. For operations in an atmosphere with a total pressure below 0.2 Earth atmospheres, this additional cost rises from 50% to 100% on top of Space Kettle’s standard price, as the appliances must be made air-tight and pressurized.
- Secondly, Space Kettle offers the option of devices which can operate outside of standard Earth gravity conditions. For devices that must operate in environments between 0.25 and 0.5g, this additional cost is only 25% on top of the standard appliance price, although this rises to a 50% additional cost for operations in environments below 0.25g.